greetings kevin here from CGR undertow
and I'm all out of bubblegum if you know
what that means
and you're pretty excited right now
anyways we're here in one of our mini
conference rooms and our underwater base
and we have a special treat today with a
roundtable discussion of legends today
we've got three Duke Nukem games for the
original PlayStation right here yes
we've got duke nukem total meltdown duke
nukem time-to-kill and duke nukem when
the babes wow this is good stuff so
before we get into taking a closer look
at this packaging we have to send huge
thanks out to Dean in California man
thank you so much we donated these to us
with a lot of other really awesome games
and yeah we can't thank him enough Dean
you're a truly badass Dean you're out of
bubblegum alright so let's take a look
at a Duke Nukem total meltdown first so
this is the court of Duke Nukem 3d for
peace
so that's this is the PlayStation
version of that comes with some extra
stuff extra levels but yeah it has the
same box art as the original game you've
got Duke buff the huge mushroom cloud in
the background
he's shooting some space pig top is this
looking totally badass
of course let's bust this open and got
the classic radioactive symbol there
there's underneath so there's a really
darkened version of that yeah we've got
a pretty straightforward booklet there's
some random jokes and so we begin balls
of steel finely tuned reflexes and a
repertoire of witty one-liners are all
that's needed to play Duke Nukem oh and
a PlayStation connected to a screen yeah
okay
so there's some there's a few smartass
comments in here I'm a fan of it I was
like looking through inventory
instruction booklets the Halle Dukie
that's good stuff right there but put
one of those in the arcade alright so
this is the follow-up Duke Nukem
time-to-kill
I don't know if it's based on the John
Grisham novel or not but it's got some
weird stuff on here there's a there's a
crazy warthog cowboy thing there's some
naked babes pretty straightforward black
and white
good Coliseum also available specs ops
hangar right no I can't read a Secrets
Revealed expect ops Ranger elite turn on
your PlayStation after the startup
screens of bitching introductory movie
will play Duke thinks and kicks ass but
if you're some sort of West who doesn't
like blood just press Start to skip it
yeah that's pretty funny
this instruction booklet is all out of
bubblegum obviously and here's one you
might be waiting for Duke Nukem land of
the babes
the third PlayStation Duke Nukem game to
be released so you've got some some real
models on this one yeah
so here's duke nukem land of the babes
from nap video ok duke nukem web sites
wonder if this still work what's that
one say youtube.com slash CGR undertow
think so oh maybe if duke nukem whenever
actually comes out this website might
get reactivated there's girls on every
page whose booklet oh that's amazing
well done I'm not even reading what's on
there is looking behind the words
wow they actually show a picture of the
staff worked on the game those guys
they're all out of bubblegum Wow
okay well that's a ghost static-x
so yeah that's that's the packaging
these say three classic dukkha new
convenience or playstation super stoked
to be playing these keep an eye out for
some reviews coming very soon yeah we're
definitely excited so come get some